README.md, before:


<h1 align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/SA3-Games/RegExtris/blob/master/public/assets/spritesheets/REGEXTRISbw2.png" alt="RegExtris" width="800">
</h1>


<h3 align="center">A Tetris homage that tests your RegEx skills!</h3>

[![NPM Version][npm-image]][npm-url]
[![Build Status][travis-image]][travis-url] 

RegExtris takes the classic game of Tetris and makes it into a learning and practicing environment for regular expressions. Learning to use regular expressions can be a daunting task and often programmers tend to leave it in the "I'll just google it when I need it" but having a basic understanding of the power of regex can take that google search to a much complex place. If you're comfortable with regex already, you can dive in and play or if you need a bit more guidance then you can use the learn mode to get your bearings first.
<h3 align="center"><img src="https://github.com/SA3-Games/RegExtris/blob/master/public/assets/sprites/MainTutorial3.png" alt="RegExtris" width="300">               <img src="https://github.com/SA3-Games/RegExtris/blob/master/public/assets/sprites/LearnModeTutorial2.png" alt="RegExtris" width="300"></h3>

## Follow this link to our app!

https://regextris.herokuapp.com/


## Demo

👉 Watch it <a href="https://youtu.be/XwoGlqALJOU">here</a>.
<br>

## Installation

OS X & Linux:

```sh
`npm install`
`createdb regextris`
`npm run seed`
`npm run start-dev`
Find the game at http://localhost:8080. 
```

Windows:

```sh
`npm install`
`createdb regextris`
`npm run seed`
`npm run build-client-watch`, then `npm run start-server`
Find the game at http://localhost:8080. 

```

## Usage example

While you can take advantage of the visually and intellectually challenging game of Tetris itself to get away from life's stressors, playing RegExtris also gives you an environment where you can solidify your knowledge of a topic that puts fear and uncertainty in many hearts. 

## Tech/framework used

<b>Built with</b>
- [Phaser 3](https://phaser.io/)
- [Redux](https://redux.js.org/)
- [Chart.js](https://www.chartjs.org/)
- HTML 5
- CSS

<b>Server</b>
- [Express](https://expressjs.com/)

<b>Deployment</b>
- Heroku
- Travis

<b>Databse</b>
- Sequelize
- Postgres


## Features

Our project stands out not only because of the unique learning experience in a gaming setting but also the use of multiple technologies inside the Phaser 3 environment. It uses Redux for State management, HTML DOM when for forms, and chart.js for depiction of chart data.


## Contributing

1. Fork it - (<https://github.com/SA3-Games/RegExtris>)
2. Clone - git clone (<https://github.com/SA3-Games/RegExtris.git>)
3. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/sparkles`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'feat(phaser): added sparkles'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/sparkles`)
5. Create a new Pull Request

## Credits

[Spandana Nallapati](https://github.com/drsnallapati)

[Ali Wojcikiewicz](https://github.com/aliwojo)

[Annie Cho](https://github.com/skai233)

[Anahit Gulian](https://github.com/sathytrench)


## License

The GNU General Public License is a free, copyleft license for
software and other kinds of works.

<h4>GNU General Public License v3.0</h4>



<!-- Markdown link & img dfn's -->
[npm-image]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/datadog-metrics.svg?style=flat-square
[npm-url]: https://npmjs.org/package/datadog-metrics 
[travis-image]: https://img.shields.io/travis/dbader/node-datadog-metrics/master.svg?style=flat-square
[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/dbader/node-datadog-metrics
[wiki]: https://github.com/yourname/yourproject/wiki

Commit message:

removes all things to do with player/auth from frontend part of game

README.md, after:

TO DO:

-change game so that it starts on the main menu instead of the login/signup (done)
-make sure fairy doesn't remain next to play (no longer happening)
-remove db, chart stuff, extra chart screen (still need to remove unnecessary backend stuff)
-readme note (done)

## Note

When [Spandana Nallapati](https://github.com/drsnallapati), [Ali Wojcikiewicz](https://github.com/aliwojo), [Annie Cho](https://github.com/skai233) and I built this game for our capstone project at the Grace Hopper Program, we included logins and a database that stored players' scores in order to analyze their progress in learning Regex. While this was an important aspect of our project, I've forked and edited our repo here in order to more easily show off our game. For anyone interested in RegExtris in its original form, you can play that [here](https://regextris.herokuapp.com/) and view the original repo [here](https://github.com/SA3-Games/RegExtris). The original readme below still applies, though PostgreSQL and Sequelize are no longer in the stack. 

<h1 align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/SA3-Games/RegExtris/blob/master/public/assets/spritesheets/REGEXTRISbw2.png" alt="RegExtris" width="800">
</h1>


<h3 align="center">A Tetris homage that tests your RegEx skills!</h3>

[![NPM Version][npm-image]][npm-url]
[![Build Status][travis-image]][travis-url] 

RegExtris takes the classic game of Tetris and makes it into a learning and practicing environment for regular expressions. Learning to use regular expressions can be a daunting task and often programmers tend to leave it in the "I'll just google it when I need it" but having a basic understanding of the power of regex can take that google search to a much complex place. If you're comfortable with regex already, you can dive in and play or if you need a bit more guidance then you can use the learn mode to get your bearings first.
<h3 align="center"><img src="https://github.com/SA3-Games/RegExtris/blob/master/public/assets/sprites/MainTutorial3.png" alt="RegExtris" width="300">               <img src="https://github.com/SA3-Games/RegExtris/blob/master/public/assets/sprites/LearnModeTutorial2.png" alt="RegExtris" width="300"></h3>

## Follow this link to our app!

https://regextris.herokuapp.com/


## Demo

👉 Watch it <a href="https://youtu.be/XwoGlqALJOU">here</a>.
<br>

## Installation

OS X & Linux:

```sh
`npm install`
`createdb regextris`
`npm run seed`
`npm run start-dev`
Find the game at http://localhost:8080. 
```

Windows:

```sh
`npm install`
`createdb regextris`
`npm run seed`
`npm run build-client-watch`, then `npm run start-server`
Find the game at http://localhost:8080. 

```

## Usage example

While you can take advantage of the visually and intellectually challenging game of Tetris itself to get away from life's stressors, playing RegExtris also gives you an environment where you can solidify your knowledge of a topic that puts fear and uncertainty in many hearts. 

## Tech/framework used

<b>Built with</b>
- [Phaser 3](https://phaser.io/)
- [Redux](https://redux.js.org/)
- [Chart.js](https://www.chartjs.org/)
- HTML 5
- CSS

<b>Server</b>
- [Express](https://expressjs.com/)

<b>Deployment</b>
- Heroku
- Travis

<b>Databse</b>
- Sequelize
- Postgres


## Features

Our project stands out not only because of the unique learning experience in a gaming setting but also the use of multiple technologies inside the Phaser 3 environment. It uses Redux for State management, HTML DOM when for forms, and chart.js for depiction of chart data.


## Contributing

1. Fork it - (<https://github.com/SA3-Games/RegExtris>)
2. Clone - git clone (<https://github.com/SA3-Games/RegExtris.git>)
3. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/sparkles`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'feat(phaser): added sparkles'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/sparkles`)
5. Create a new Pull Request

## Credits

[Spandana Nallapati](https://github.com/drsnallapati)

[Ali Wojcikiewicz](https://github.com/aliwojo)

[Annie Cho](https://github.com/skai233)

[Anahit Gulian](https://github.com/sathytrench)


## License

The GNU General Public License is a free, copyleft license for
software and other kinds of works.

<h4>GNU General Public License v3.0</h4>



<!-- Markdown link & img dfn's -->
[npm-image]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/datadog-metrics.svg?style=flat-square
[npm-url]: https://npmjs.org/package/datadog-metrics 
[travis-image]: https://img.shields.io/travis/dbader/node-datadog-metrics/master.svg?style=flat-square
[travis-url]: https://travis-ci.org/dbader/node-datadog-metrics
[wiki]: https://github.com/yourname/yourproject/wiki
